[Music]
was the slant forward into the seventh
installment of the Friday the 13th
franchise the new blood you know the one
with the psychic in it let's get to it
we start with some good old-fashioned
opening context for anyone who hadn't
been paying attention retreated to
narration over scenes of a rainy
cemetery that fades into a slope him
eventually confirming that j-dog is
still chained up at the bottom of
Crystal Lake because nothing is more
important in the continuity of the
mythos we then cut to a young Carol Anne
who runs off after being rightly
disturbed by a domestic dispute between
her parents she does one better than any
six year old runaway has ever done
before when she actually manages to
peace out on this small seafaring vessel
her dad desperate to get her back spits
some classic lies but she's too savvy to
fall for it instead Tina wishes and dead
Ian through the power of positive
thinking makes it so one more life goal
she can now mark off her vision board
despite this she almost immediately
feels the gravity and finality of her
decision unfortunately for her father
she didn't have any of these feelings
during the entire process of caving in
the doc on him well by forever we then
cut to a groan Tina taking a drive back
to the scene of the crime with her mom
we hear that they're yet again
undergoing a form of acclimation therapy
unlike Tommy Jarvis they will be under
the supervision of a doctor when they
arrive we see that a group of teens has
rented an adjacent cabin and then they
immediately dive into a therapy session
where we discovered the therapy is less
about helping firm manage for disturbing
visions and more about riling up her
emotions to exploit her special
abilities when dr. Cruz says the magic
words we witnessed the full
manifestation of her power and Tina
barely recovers before dr. Cruz creeps
back in during a tender moment causing
her to run off and creating a perfect
storm of emotions she tries to cycle
kinetically wish her dad back to life
but as we all know you have to be
careful where you aim that stuff in this
case she misses and accidentally works
her magic on Jason's waterlogged corpse
she sees Jason briefly before passing
out when she's found it's assumed that
she was hallucinating
later on NIC shows up at the house and
invites Tina to his cousin's birthday
party next door at that time Nick's
cousin Michael and his girlfriend
haven't
through the woods due to some prior car
troubles before reaching the cabin and
witnessing the majesty of his birthday
Lotus candle Michael's girlfriend gets
tacked to a tree and Michael gets his
spine split back at the party everyone
has a brief moment to get acquainted
before Tina ruins it by having a vision
of Michael dead resulting in an effusion
of emotional energy that messes up the
party good she runs back home to report
out on her new vision unfortunately the
hard evidence goes missing for anyone
can corroborate her story meanwhile we
have a brief internet where Dan ventures
into the woods to find some kindling for
the fire and apparently deliver a
machete to Jason which happens promptly
but he gets his spine punched in half
this could be a complete throwaway scene
until Jason gets to the tent and
announces himself to Dan's lady she
tries to pretend she's having a bad
dream and covers up in her sleeping bag
resulting in one of the most revered
kills in the entire series back home
Tina appears to be making progress as
she allows herself to enjoy a moment of
pleasantness only to have it ruined
again by the effort prescient to dr.
Cruz we also get a scene back at the
house confirming the teens undaunted by
the absence of the birthday boy gear up
for another full night of partying that
evening dr. Cruz gets the emotion
machine running again and Tina finally
pops off flinging a TV across the room
as a result of the mounting aggravation
Tina and her mom resolved to leave that
evening meanwhile a young couple who
happened to be dressed in completely
opposite outfits decide to go
skinny-dipping fer reasons no he's
wearing about 50 layers from which he is
unable to release his trim young body
before Jason finds him this results in
her emerging from the water to a dead
swimming partner with no time to process
what's going on before being dragged
back into the murky depths Tina's mom
finds evidence that dr. Cruz has been
exploiting them and confronts him with
the evidence which causes Tina to take
off ahead of their scheduled departure
however a waking vision causes her to
veer off the road before she gets too
far she then stumbles into the woods
while in a daze we've now reached the
part of the movie where having a plot
becomes cumbersome to the task of
killing off the characters so everyone
starts doing things for various reasons
and finding that all roads lead to the
negation of existence to start Maddie
gets herself tarted-up and goes off into
the woods to find her crush but only
manages to get herself fatally hooked in
the tool shed this young couple is busy
making amends after an earlier falling
out and are disrupted by a noise outside
their van they assume it's Michael come
to prank them and decide to the classic
counter prank is much more fun and
interesting than the activities in which
they previously found themselves engaged
the trick is actually on them however
and they find out exactly to what degree
this is the case
when they succumbed to a head crush and
an eye Horning Nick and Tina stumble
upon Michael's corpse in the woods
bringing the weight of reality to Tina's
visions and their current circumstances
meanwhile Jason's let himself inside
while Tina and Nick run back to find her
mom and get her dad's pistol we get
conclusions to the remaining character
arcs as David gets stabbed Eddie gets
hacked and his lady friend gets tossed
out the window this next portion of the
movie involves a lot of running back and
forth in the woods and doesn't really
give the good sense of space or
direction Tina's mom and dr. Cruz
interrupt Jason's yard work instead of
running the good doctor holds him as
Shepard up as a human shield like a true
scumbag Nick flashes the gun around like
a badass and Tina ends up in the woods
where she finds dr. Cruz hiding behind
some saplings she finds out her mom is
dead and decides to split up this is a
good idea is almost immediately after
leaving him dr. Cruz is chased down by a
weed whacker wielding Jason Tina then
sees Jason lumbering through the
wilderness and also finds his woodland
treasure trove
Tina faces off and uses her powers in
various ways to punish Jason first by
electrocution then closing doors
throwing couches and heads and then by
bringing the front porch down on him
they presume he's dead but he ends up
pulling a super shredder on them and
bursts into the house wrapping up our
last extraneous character in Melissa in
brutal fashion
another protracted battle ensues that
fails to get the job done in the face of
all this failure tina lures him out to
the dock where she manages to get her
right for once and bring her dad back
hey he looks alright all things
considered he grabs Jason and drags him
back to hell which has to be at least a
partial bummer for Tina the movie then
ends with Nick and Tina surviving and
being carted off with no dream sequences
in this one and that was Friday the 13th
part 7 running in circles in the woods
with the psychic powers it was a bit of
an unusual departure from the normal
tropes of the series something that fans
would luckily never have to worry about
again I hope you enjoyed the video and
thanks for watching
[Music]